Update connectors-gallery.md (#324)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-MicrosoftSearch: MicrosoftSearch/connectors-gallery.md

|ServiceNow Tickets|Microsoft|ServiceNow Tickets connector allows your organization to index incident, change requests, problems status from ServiceNow instance for end user consumption.[Deploy this Graph connector](https://forms.office.com/r/JniPmK5bzm).|
|Slack|Raytion|Secure enterprise search connector for reliably indexing content from Slack and intelligently searching it with Microsoft Graph. It robustly indexes messages, threads, and shared files from all public channels from Slack in near real-time. [Deploy this Graph connector](https://www.raytion.com/connectors/raytion-slack-connector).|
|TeamForge|Accenture|The TeamForge connector crawls content from a TeamForge server through its SOAP services. [Deploy this Graph connector](https://contentanalytics.digital.accenture.com/display/aspire40/TeamForge+Connector).|
|Facebook Workplace|BA Insight|Organizations who use Workplace by Facebook can now extend the reach of this data into their existing search indexes via the BA Insight Workplace by Facebook Connector. [Deploy this Graph connector](https://www.bainsight.com/connectors/connector-for-workplace-by-facebook/).|

## Content Management Systems

> These are the connectors under content management systems

Author: ```suggestion
These are the connectors under content management systems.
```

- Website (HTTP)
- Other

## Collaboration & communications
These are the connectors under collaboration & communications.

|Connector name|Publisher|Description|
|:------ |:----------- |:----------- |

> |Aderant|BA Insight|BA Insight's Aderant connector honors the security of the source system and provides both full and incremental crawls. Hence, the users have the latest information available to them at all times. [Deploy this Graph connector](https://www.bainsight.com/connectors/aderant-connector-sharepoint-azure-elasticsearch/).|

Author: ```suggestion
|Aderant|BA Insight|Integrates Aderant's legal software with various search platforms, such as Amazon Kendra, Azure Cognitive Search, and Microsoft Search. It allows lawyers and firm employees to find important information stored in Aderant, maintaining the security of the source system, supporting large documents, and ensuring high throughput and up-to-date data availability without impacting the system's performance. [Deploy this Graph connector](https://www.bainsight.com/connectors/aderant-connector-sharepoint-azure-elasticsearch/).|
```

> |Adobe Acrobat Sign|Adobe|The Adobe Acrobat Sign connector for Microsoft Search securely stores agreement metadata, allowing users to quickly and easily find their agreements alongside other documents in Microsoft 365. Search for agreements explicitly or view recommendations when key events occur. The connector supports Acrobat Sign access permissions, ensuring only the permitted sender and recipients see agreement information. Users securely access full agreements in Acrobat Sign. [Deploy this Graph connector](https://www.adobe.com/go/microsoft-search-connector-guide).|

Author: ```suggestion
|Adobe Acrobat Sign|Adobe|Stores agreement metadata, allowing users to find their agreements alongside other documents in Microsoft 365. Search for agreements explicitly or view recommendations when key events occur. It supports Acrobat Sign access permissions, ensuring only the permitted sender and recipients see agreement information. Users securely access full agreements in Acrobat Sign. [Deploy this Graph connector](https://www.adobe.com/go/microsoft-search-connector-guide).|
```

> |Adobe Acrobat Sign|Adobe|The Adobe Acrobat Sign connector for Microsoft Search securely stores agreement metadata, allowing users to quickly and easily find their agreements alongside other documents in Microsoft 365. Search for agreements explicitly or view recommendations when key events occur. The connector supports Acrobat Sign access permissions, ensuring only the permitted sender and recipients see agreement information. Users securely access full agreements in Acrobat Sign. [Deploy this Graph connector](https://www.adobe.com/go/microsoft-search-connector-guide).|

Author: ```suggestion
|Adobe Acrobat Sign|Adobe|Allows users to access and manage their Acrobat Sign agreements directly within Microsoft 365 platforms like Office.com, SharePoint, and Bing. It supports agreement metadata storage and search functionality, ensuring secure access to agreements based on user permissions and providing real-time status updates for key events such as agreements being signed, expired, or declined. [Deploy this Graph connector](https://www.adobe.com/go/microsoft-search-connector-guide).|
```

> |Atlassian Confluence|BA Insight|BA Insight's Confluence Connector is an enterprise-grade indexing connector that enables content stored in Confluence to be crawled and indexed. It enables SharePoint, Bing, or the Microsoft 365 app to serve as the single point from which users search for enterprise content. [Deploy this Graph connector](https://www.bainsight.com/connectors/connector-for-confluence-cloud-version/).|

Author: The link to deploy this connector points to the Atlassian Confluence Cloud connector.

> |Atlassian Confluence (cloud)|BA Insight|BA Insight's Confluence (Cloud Version) Connector is an enterprise-grade indexing connector that enables content stored in Confluence to be crawled and indexed. [Deploy this Graph connector](https://www.bainsight.com/connectors/connector-for-confluence-cloud-version/).|

Author: ```suggestion
|Atlassian Confluence (cloud)|BA Insight|Scans and indexes content stored in Confluence, enabling integration with various search platforms such as Amazon Kendra, Azure Cognitive Search, and Microsoft Search. It supports both full and incremental scans, respects Confluence's security settings, and provides high indexing throughput, ensuring that users can search and retrieve the most up-to-date content from Confluence and other integrated sources through a single search interface. [Deploy this Graph connector](https://www.bainsight.com/connectors/connector-for-confluence-cloud-version/).|
```

> |Atlassian Confluence|Raytion|Secure enterprise search connector for reliably indexing content from Atlassian Confluence and intelligently searching it with Microsoft Graph. It robustly indexes pages, blog posts, attachments, comments, spaces, profiles, and hub sites for tags from one-premises Confluence instances in near real-time. The connector fully supports Atlassian Confluence’s built-in user and group management. The connector also supports Confluence installations based on Entra ID and other directory services. [Deploy this Graph connector](https://www.raytion.com/connectors/raytion-confluence-connector).|

Author: ```suggestion
|Atlassian Confluence|Raytion|Securely indexes content from Confluence, including pages, blog posts, attachments, comments, spaces, profiles, and hub sites, ensuring near real-time updates for intelligent search within Microsoft Graph. It fully supports Confluence’s built-in user and group management as well as installations based on Entra ID and other directory services, maintaining accurate and comprehensive metadata indexing.. [Deploy this Graph connector](https://www.raytion.com/connectors/raytion-confluence-connector).|
```

> |Atlassian Confluence (cloud)|Raytion|Secure enterprise search connector for reliably indexing content from Atlassian Confluence Cloud and intelligently searching it with Microsoft Graph. It robustly indexes pages, blog posts, attachments, comments, spaces, profiles, and hub sites for tags from Confluence Cloud instances in near real-time. The connector fully supports Atlassian Confluence Cloud’s built-in user and group management. [Deploy this Graph connector](https://www.raytion.com/connectors/raytion-confluence-cloud-connector).|

Author: ```suggestion
|Atlassian Confluence (cloud)|Raytion|Securely indexes content from Confluence Cloud, including pages, blog posts, attachments, comments, spaces, profiles, and hub sites, for seamless integration with Microsoft Graph. It ensures near real-time updates, fully supports Confluence Cloud’s built-in user and group management, and indexes comprehensive metadata. [Deploy this Graph connector](https://www.raytion.com/connectors/raytion-confluence-cloud-connector).|
```

> |Atlassian Confluence|Accenture|The Confluence connector crawls content from any Confluence content repository. The connector retrieves spaces, pages, blogs, attachments, and comments. The connector uses the Confluence REST API to crawl Confluence content. [Deploy this Graph connector](https://contentanalytics.digital.accenture.com/display/aspire40/Atlassian+Confluence+Connector).|

Author: ```suggestion
|Atlassian Confluence|Accenture|Indexes content from Confluence repositories, including spaces, pages, blogs, attachments, and comments, by utilizing the Confluence REST API. It supports incremental indexing, fetches access control lists for document-level security, and is compatible with Confluence on-premise installations, ensuring that only new or updated documents are indexed efficiently. [Deploy this Graph connector](https://contentanalytics.digital.accenture.com/display/aspire40/Atlassian+Confluence+Connector).|
```

> |Atlassian Jira|Raytion|Secure enterprise search connector for reliably indexing content from Atlassian Jira and intelligently searching it with Microsoft Graph. It robustly indexes projects, issues, attachments, comments, work logs, issue histories, links, and profiles from one-premises Jira instances in near real-time. The connector fully supports Atlassian Confluence’s built-in user and group management. The connector also supports Confluence installations based on Entra ID and other directory services. [Deploy this Graph connector](https://www.raytion.com/connectors/raytion-jira-connector).|

Author: ```suggestion
|Atlassian Jira|Raytion|Indexes content from Jira, including projects, issues, attachments, comments, work logs, issue histories, links, and profiles, enabling integration with Microsoft Graph for enterprise search. It supports near real-time indexing and fully adheres to Jira's built-in user and group management, ensuring efficient retrieval of up-to-date information across Jira and other integrated systems. [Deploy this Graph connector](https://www.raytion.com/connectors/raytion-jira-connector).|
```

> |Atlassian Jira Cloud|Microsoft|The Jira Cloud Graph connector allows your organization to index Jira issues and tickets. [Deploy this Graph connector](jira-connector.md).|

Author: ```suggestion
|Atlassian Jira Cloud|Microsoft|Integrates Jira with Microsoft services like Logic Apps, Power Automate, and Power Apps, enabling seamless access and management of Jira projects, issues, and related data within these platforms. It supports secure API token-based authentication, real-time indexing, and robust data retrieval, but has limitations such as a maximum of 50 projects in dropdowns and the need for specific data types in certain actions. [Deploy this Graph connector](jira-connector.md).|
```
